To enjoy the benefits of your Smart TV, connect the TV to the Internet. Press  (Home) on your remote control to get your Home screen. Like on your smartphone or tablet, the Home screen is the centre of your TV. From the Home screen you can decide what to watch by browsing entertainment options from apps.

The Home screen is organized in rows to let you discover great contents from your favourite apps. Apps may populate their recommendation (if available) according to their own choice as an individual row in the home screen.

Highlights on your home screen
With multiple tabs like Home, Channels/Free*, Apps and  Search, you can discover movies and shows from your services and popular apps.The Channels/Free tab is a collection of free online contents including news, TV and movies, life style, entertainment, sports, music, kid and comedy channels. The Apps tab is an app collection to let you rent movies online, read newspapers, watch videos and listen to music, also shop online, or watch TV programmes when it suits you with On-line TV. You can also trigger input field for searching with  Search tab.

* Free tab is only applicable for certain countries.

 

Favourite Apps
Your favourite Apps are placed on the first row. This row contains number of apps pre-installed. The order of these apps are according to business agreements with content service providers. In this row you will also find the Apps, like Watch TV, Internet Browser, Media and others.

 

YouTube and Netflix
This row contains your Recommended, Subscriptions or Trending YouTube and Netflix videos.

 

Accessing settings from Home
You can access All Settings menu via the icon at the top right corner. You can also find the Frequent settings and TV Menu with common settings in the Philips TV Menu, which can be invoked directly from the remote control.

TV Guide
Select TV Guide to open the TV Guide of your installed TV channels.

Sources
Select  SOURCES to view and change to available sources in this TV.

 

Note:

If your installed country is Germany or France, there will be additional Public Value tab on home screen to list Featured apps.
If your installed country is UK, there will be additional TV Guide tab on home screen to link the TV Guide of your installed TV channels.